change hook handler (WP-892) (#557)
Smartling/wordpress-localization-plugin: readme.txt

3. Track translation status within WordPress from the Submissions Board. View overall progress of submitted translation requests as well as resend updated content.

== Changelog ==
= 3.11.0 =

> * Change registered post types handling to occur when WordPress is loaded to avoid issues when a content type entity wrapper is not registered

Reviewer: Consider another description.
```suggestion
* A custom post type registration has been moved from `registered_post_type` to `wp_loaded` hook to avoid issues when the content type entity wrapper is not registered.
```

Author: Reworded
